[Connector-V2] [Doc] Add TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory Doc (#3343)
apache/seatunnel: seatunnel-connectors-v2/README.md

provide strong consistency guarantee in Flink/Spark. At the same time, commit should be idempotent, and save engine
retry can work normally.

### TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory

> In order to automatically create a Source or Sink, it also supports automatic return of the parameters 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to automatically create the Source Connector and Sink Connector and Transform Connector, we need the connector to return the parameters needed to create them and the verification rules for each parameter. For Source Connector and Sink Connector, we define `TableSourceFactory` and `TableSinkFactory`
```

> ### **TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory**
> 
> In order to automatically create a Source or Sink, it also supports automatic return of the parameters 
> supported by the current connector and the required parameters. We define TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory,
> It is recommended to put it in the same directory as the implementation class of SeaTunnelSource or SeaTunnelSink for easy searching.
> 
> - ``factoryIdentifier`` is used to indicate the name of the current Factory. This value should be the same as the 
>   value returned by ``getPluginName``, so that if Factory is used to create Source/Sink in the future,
>   A seamless switch can be achieved.
> - ``createSink`` and ``createSource`` are the methods for creating Source and Sink respectively, 
>   and do not need to be implemented at present.
> - ``optionRule`` returns the parameter logic, which is used to indicate which parameters of our connector are supported,
>   which parameters are required, which parameters are optional, and which parameters are exclusive, which parameters are bundledRequired.
>   This method will be used when we visually create the connector logic, and it will also be used to generate a complete parameter 
>   object according to the parameters configured by the user, and then the connector developer does not need to judge whether the parameters
>   exist one by one in the Config, and use it directly That's it.
>   You can refer to existing implementations, such as ``org.apache.seatunnel.connectors.seatunnel.elasticsearch.source.ElasticsearchSourceFactory``.
>   There is support for configuring Schema for many Sources, so a common Option is used.
>   If you need a schema, you can refer to ``org.apache.seatunnel.connectors.seatunnel.common.schema.SeaTunnelSchema.SCHEMA``.
> 
> Don't forget to add ``@AutoService(Factory.class)`` to the class. This Factory is the parent class of TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory.
> 
> ### **Options**
> 
> When we implement TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory, the corresponding Option will be created.
> Each Option corresponds to a configuration, but different configurations will have different types. 
> Common types can be created by directly calling the corresponding method.
> But if our parameter type is an object, we can use POJO to represent parameters of object type,
> and need to use ``org.apache.seatunnel.api.configuration.util.OptionMark`` on each parameter to indicate that this is A child Option.
> ``OptionMark`` has two parameters, ``name`` is used to declare the parameter name corresponding to the field.
> If it is empty, we will convert the small camel case corresponding to java to underscore by default, such as: ``myUserPassword` ` -> ``my_user_password` .
> In most cases, the default is empty. ``description`` is used to indicate the description of the current parameter.
> This parameter is optional. It is recommended to be consistent with the documentation. For specific examples,
> please refer to ``org.apache.seatunnel.connectors.seatunnel.assertion.sink.AssertSinkFactory``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory

In order to automatically create a Source or Sink, it also supports automatic return of the parameters 
supported by the current connector and the required parameters. We define TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory,
It is recommended to put it in the same directory as the implementation class of SeaTunnelSource or SeaTunnelSink for easy searching.

- `factoryIdentifier` is used to indicate the name of the current Factory. This value should be the same as the 
    value returned by `getPluginName`, so that if Factory is used to create Source/Sink in the future,
    A seamless switch can be achieved.
- `createSink` and `createSource` are the methods for creating Source and Sink respectively, 
    and do not need to be implemented at present.
- `optionRule` returns the parameter logic, which is used to indicate which parameters of our connector are supported,
    which parameters are required, which parameters are optional, and which parameters are exclusive, which parameters are bundledRequired.
    This method will be used when we visually create the connector logic, and it will also be used to generate a complete parameter 
    object according to the parameters configured by the user, and then the connector developer does not need to judge whether the parameters
    exist one by one in the Config, and use it directly That's it.
    You can refer to existing implementations, such as `org.apache.seatunnel.connectors.seatunnel.elasticsearch.source.ElasticsearchSourceFactory`.
    There is support for configuring Schema for many Sources, so a common Option is used.
    If you need a schema, you can refer to `org.apache.seatunnel.connectors.seatunnel.common.schema.SeaTunnelSchema.SCHEMA`.

Don't forget to add `@AutoService(Factory.class)` to the class. This Factory is the parent class of TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory.

### **Options**

When we implement TableSourceFactory and TableSinkFactory, the corresponding Option will be created.
Each Option corresponds to a configuration, but different configurations will have different types. 
Common types can be created by directly calling the corresponding method.
But if our parameter type is an object, we can use POJO to represent parameters of object type,
and need to use `org.apache.seatunnel.api.configuration.util.OptionMark` on each parameter to indicate that this is A child Option.
`OptionMark` has two parameters, `name` is used to declare the parameter name corresponding to the field.
If it is empty, we will convert the small camel case corresponding to java to underscore by default, such as: `myUserPassword`  -> `my_user_password` .
In most cases, the default is empty. `description` is used to indicate the description of the current parameter.
This parameter is optional. It is recommended to be consistent with the documentation. For specific examples,
please refer to `org.apache.seatunnel.connectors.seatunnel.assertion.sink.AssertSinkFactory`.
```
